.TH DUMP_SMART 1 "2010 Feb 9" "ASN.1 Tools" "ROA-PKI"

.SH NAME
dump_smart \- converts ASN.1-encoded RPKI file to a more readable form

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdump_smart\fP \fIfilename\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
This program translates the contents of the file
.I filename
into more readable form and outputs the result to stdout.  The type of
file is determined by the suffix in
.IR filename ", which must be one of"
.BR .cer " for a certificate, " .crl " for a CRL, " .man
.RB " for a manifest, " .roa " for a ROA, or " .rta " for an RPKI TA."

.PP
If there is no error, the translated contents of the file are printed
out on stdout in the readable form.  If there is an error, one of
these messages is printed on stderr:

.IP \(bu 4
Usage: name of input file
.IP \(bu 4
Suffix is missing
.IP \(bu 4
Unknown type ...
.IP \(bu 4
Error reading at ...

.PP
where the ellipsis is replaced with specific information.  For the
"Unknown type" error it is the suffix.  For the "Error reading at"
error it is a sequence of dot-separated numbers indicating where the
error was found, e.g. 1.2.3.4 means in the fourth member of the third
member of the second member of the first member of the ASN.1 encoding.

.SH ENVIRONMENT

.B dump_smart
is affected by a very useful environment variable.

.TP
.B OIDTABLE
The pathname to the OID table is kept in this environment variable.
If provided,
.B dump_smart
can use the OID table to label every object identifier it recognizes,
like this:
.IP
seq oid 2.5.29.14 /* id_subjectKeyIdentifier */
.IP
To generate a suitable OID table for use with RPKI objects, see
.BR make_oidtable (1).

.SH ALTERNATIVES

.B dump_smart
outputs a raw human-readable format which still contains enough
information to be edited and converted directly back into a
certificate using ASN.1 tools.  An even more human-friendly format
(but NOT easily reversible) can be obtained by issuing the openssl
command:
.IP
openssl x509 -inform DER -text < \fIfilename\fP

.SH AUTHOR
Charlie Gardiner.  Edited by Andrew Chi.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR dump (1),
.BR make_oidtable (1)
